

customer.created
Occurs whenever a new customer is created.


customer.deleted
Occurs whenever a customer is deleted.


customer.discount.created
Occurs whenever a coupon is attached to a customer.


customer.discount.deleted
Occurs whenever a coupon is removed from a customer.


customer.discount.updated
Occurs whenever a customer is switched from one coupon to another.


customer.source.created
Occurs whenever a new source is created for a customer.


customer.source.deleted
Occurs whenever a source is removed from a customer.


customer.source.expiring
Occurs whenever a card or source will expire at the end of the month. This event only works with legacy integrations using Card or Source objects. If you use the PaymentMethod API, this event won't occur.


customer.source.updated
Occurs whenever a source's details are changed.


customer.subscription.created
Occurs whenever a customer is signed up for a new plan.


customer.subscription.deleted
Occurs whenever a customer's subscription ends.


customer.subscription.paused
Occurs whenever a customer's subscription is paused. Only applies when subscriptions enter status=paused, not when payment collection is paused.


customer.subscription.pending_update_applied
Occurs whenever a customer's subscription's pending update is applied, and the subscription is updated.


customer.subscription.pending_update_expired
Occurs whenever a customer's subscription's pending update expires before the related invoice is paid.


customer.subscription.resumed
Occurs whenever a customer's subscription is no longer paused. Only applies when a status=paused subscription is resumed, not when payment collection is resumed.


customer.subscription.trial_will_end
Occurs three days before a subscription's trial period is scheduled to end, or when a trial is ended immediately (using trial_end=now).


customer.subscription.updated
Occurs whenever a subscription changes (e.g., switching from one plan to another, or changing the status from trial to active).


customer.tax_id.created
Occurs whenever a tax ID is created for a customer.


customer.tax_id.deleted
Occurs whenever a tax ID is deleted from a customer.


customer.tax_id.updated
Occurs whenever a customer's tax ID is updated.


customer.updated
Occurs whenever any property of a customer changes.



Reply